
							March 29,1991

Eric,

    Mark and I have fixed some of the problems reported in bug reports
B12453, B12454, and B12457.  These are all reports of less intelligible
(than the 1.3 version) or poor sounding phonemes.  We have fixed all but
one of the problems detailed.  Most of the reported problems were real, 
but some we believe are a matter of individual perception.  The only 
problem we have not yet fixed is SHUW5GER sounding somewhat like SHUW5BER,
which we are still looking at.

    I've also updated the narrator autodoc to add a little detail in the
CMD_WRITE section.  Please relay the file narrator.doc to Dan Baker.

    As always, I've included two diskettes just in case you have any I/O
problems.  All files were compiled under MANX 5.0d.  A completely made
narrator.device is included on the diskette.  The new verion number is V37.6.

    Give me a call or send me a note if you have any open bug reports that
you need me to look at.  For some amount of time I have access to usenet
and can be reached via jkatz@netcom.com if you want to send me email.

Regards,
Joe Katz


			*	*	*



							March 29,1991

Eric,

    Mark and I have fixed some of the problems reported in bug reports
B12453, B12454, and B12457.  These are all reports of less intelligible
(than the 1.3 version) or poor sounding phonemes.  We have fixed all but
one of the problems detailed.  Most of the reported problems were real, 
but some we believe are a matter of individual perception.  The only 
problem we have not yet fixed is SHUW5GER sounding somewhat like SHUW5BER,
which we are still looking at.

    I've also updated the narrator autodoc to add a little detail in the
CMD_WRITE section.  Please relay the file narrator.doc to Dan Baker.

    As always, I've included two diskettes just in case you have any I/O
problems.  All files were compiled under MANX 5.0d.  A completely made
narrator.device is included on the diskette.  The new verion number is V37.6.

    Give me a call or send me a note if you have any open bug reports that
you need me to look at.  For some amount of time I have access to usenet
and can be reached via jkatz@netcom.com if you want to send me email.

Regards,
Joe Katz
