
                         Readme For The Make Utility

    Copyright (c) 1991 by Ben Eng

    This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation; either version 1, or (at your option)
    any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
    Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.



HOW TO CONTACT ME

    Ben Eng
    150 Beverley St. Apt #1L
    Toronto, Ontario
    M5T 1Y6
    CANADA

    telephone:  (416)-979-8761

    e-mail:  uunet!mnetor!becker!jetpen!ben
    BIX:     jetpen


MANIFEST

    README     -  This file
    COPYING    -  The GNU General Public License
    bmake      -  The binary executable for the Amiga
    less       -  utility for reading text files under Amiga OS 2.0

	Source Code to the Make utility

        Makefile
        builtin.c
        cond.c
        cond.h
        depend.c
        depend.h
        dumprules.c
        expand.c
        fncall.c
        input.c
        lists.c
        log.c
        macro.c
        main.c
        make.c
        make.h
        param.c
        parsing.c
        pattern.c
        read.c
        recipe.c
        snode.c
        touch.c
        version.c

	Some files necessary to make ben.lib

        ben/basename.c
	    ben/makefile
        ben/scdir.c
        ben/system.c

    include/scdir.h  -- header file for the scdir routines

    docs/mdoc.tex     - AmigaTeX documentation for Make
    docs/manpage.sty  - by Rong Chen (rchen@cs.uiuc.edu)


ABOUT THE PROGRAM

This program requires Amiga OS 2.0 to run with maximum capability.  Under
Amiga OS 1.3, there is no wildcard support.  Run the program with the
argument `?' to see its usage, or `-h' to get more descriptive help on
acceptable command line arguments.

Because the program was compiled with DICE 2.06.37, the heap memory
routines directly perform an AllocMem() from the system memory pool.  The
Make program performs many small allocations and deallocations, so it is
possible for memory to become fragmented.  Hopefully, sophisticated heap
memory routines will appear in the standard library to reduce memory
fragmentation.  I haven't noticed any problems with fragmentation though.

The environment variable ENV:system can be set to `yes' if you wish the
command execution to use the Amiga OS 2.0 System() call.  If ENV:system is
set to `no', the Amiga OS Execute() call is used instead.  The latter is
desirable if you are still running with a shell that does not support the
2.0 conventions (WShell 1.2 falls under this category).

Command line arguments to Make may not be grouped together; `-a -n' is
completely different from `-an' (which doesn't exist).

The present version of the Make program is incomplete and possibly
bug-ridden.  The documentation and functionality are incomplete, and still
require much work to be done.

As far as the author is concerned, because this software and documentation
are distributed free of charge, he is not obligated to provide any support
or updates.  However, the complete source code is provided, along with
enough information to construct an executable from it.  The author would be
very appreciative of any comments, bug reports and bug fixes that might be
provided via paper mail and electronic mail (the addresses are provided
above).

If there is something broken, first try to find an updated version of this
program.  If the bug still exists in the most recent version of the
program, please report it so that it can be fixed.  If you have fixed the
bug yourself, please provide me with the fixes so that they can be
incorporated into the next update.

If you actually use this program, I would like to know about it.  If I find
that nobody uses it then I will not distribute future updates to it.  I
write programs that are useful to me, and I tend to distribute them if they
are useful to others.  I will only know that my programs are useful to
others if they let me know that they use them.  Besides, I enjoy reading
well-written mail.

Feel free to send me things of little or great value, if it suits your
fancy.  Although this software is free (with respect to freedom) and no
fees are charged for its private use, I am not at all opposed to receiving
tokens of material wealth.

    -Ben

