Currently under V39, graphics will power up into ECS mode on a AA or ECS
machine, and A on a A machine. To enable the AA modes requires the Enlighten
program in the startup-sequence. This is fine if you always want to boot your AA
machine in AA mode, but to boot into ECS mode means altering your
startup-sequence to remove the Enlighten line - we have always told people not
to touch their startup-sequence.

So, here is an alternative suggestion:

Bootmenu will have a cycle gadget to go through "Original" "ECS" and "Best"
options for the chip rev which can either be saved in BattMem or just used for
this boot. SetPatch will call the graphics function SetChipRev() requesting the
maximum chip revision. SetChipRev() will then set the chip rev to be the minimum
of the bootmenu selection and the machine's capabilities.

This means that games that boot from floppy will be run under an ECS/A
environment if they do not have a new SetPatch, and the user can easily get them
to run under A or ECS via bootmenu if they do have the new Setpatch and don't
work under AA. Also, if a game loads from harddisk on a AA machine but does not
work under AA, then the user will need to reboot, but just USE ECS for this one
boot from Bootmenu.



One issue left - A game running on a AA machine that only works in A, but has
no setpatch. Selecting the option from the bootmenu won't work as there is no
call to SetChipRev(), so the game will run as ECS.



**************************************************************************

Graphics powers up initially into the MAX of A/ECS. If it then reads a setting
in BattMem, it changes the setting to the battmem contents.

ie if Battmem is set for CHIPREV_BEST, then the system will power up into the
best available chip set.

Now, if bootmenu is brought up and a new chip rev is set, then the system is set
for that setting.

If SetChipRev(CHIPREV_BEST) is called later (through enlighten or setpatch) and
the current setting is not AA, then graphics is set to the min of the chips
available and the chip set asked for by bootmenu (SetPatch or enlighten should
ask for CHIPREV_BEST by default, although this may be overriden by command line
parameters).

