$Id: readme,v 1.4 91/12/13 12:05:24 dlarson Exp Locker: dlarson $

These are utilties for use with SANA-II drivers.  Some may be useful to
advanced end-users (with some additional work) but all should be useful to
SANA-II developers.  The source code to these utilities should provide good
examples of how to use much of the functionality within the standard, and the
behavior of the utilities should help to test new driver implementations.

Most of the utilities take advantage of skeleton.c and skeleton.h which
include functions for opening and closing a SANA-II device.  Notably, these
functions read the device to open and the unit number to open from the
environment variables SANA.Device and SANA.Unit if those enviroment variables
exist, else the user is queried.

None of the utilities are optimized in any way and all could be made much
smaller, but they probably do not warrant any time for any optimizations, at
least not at this time.

If any of these are ever made into end-user utilities, they should be
Amigaized (readargs, no printf(), more reasonable  version numbers, etc.  As
it is, they are tiny and source would be included in any distribution anyway.
(OK, maybe that's still not a good excuse.)

I really should clean up these sources anyway, but they were written as quick-
and-dirty tests and cut and pasted together from other people's code.

devquery -- gives information about the device.

configure -- configure a SANA-II device.  This can only be succesfully done
once, but must be done before the SANA-II device is used for anything other
than devquery.  This program accepts as an argument a user-override for the
hardware address (though not all devices will respond to this "override").

globstats -- print global statistics from the SANA-II device.

typestats -- ask SANA-II device to keep statistics on a particular type of
packet and print said statistics gathered by the device.  It defaults to
gathering ten seconds of statistics, but a command line argument may change
this default.

waitforonline -- wait until a SANA-II device comes online.  Really just for
testing this functionality in a driver.

online -- put an offline SANA-II device online.  Really just for
testing this functionality in a driver.

offline -- put an online SANA-II device offline.  Really just for
testing this functionality in a driver.

write -- uses CMD_WRITE to send a test packet to a specific address.  Currently
only handles 8-bit hardware addresses.

catch -- uses S2_READORPHAN to get the next packet which there isn't another
reader for.  Useful with write, broadcast, writeraw, etc.

broadcast -- broadcasts a test packet.

catchraw -- uses S2_READORPHAN to get the next packet which there isn't
another reader for -- uses the raw flag and displays the raw packet in ASCII
and HEX.

writeraw -- writes a raw ARCNET packet.
